docs/03_SpamProtection.md, before:

# Spam Protection

## HoneyPot
The Honeypot Field is enabled by default. You can disable it via [configuration flags](100_ConfigurationFlags.md).

```yaml
form_builder:
    spam_protection:
        honeypot:
            field_name: 'inputUserName'     # this is the default value
            enable_inline_style: true       # ths is the default value
```

***

## reCAPTCHA v3
reCAPTCHA v3 returns a score for each request without user friction. 
The score is based on interactions with your site and enables you to take an appropriate action for your site. 
Register reCAPTCHA v3 keys [here](https://g.co/recaptcha/v3).

> **Important!** It is recommend to load the recaptcha api on every page request.
> To hide the badge on documents without forms, read our [frontend tips](./90_FrontendTips.md)

1. Get your keys at https://g.co/recaptcha/v3
2. Add site and secret key to your formbuilder settings:

```yaml
form_builder:
    spam_protection:
        recaptcha_v3:
            secret_key: 'YOUR_SECRET_KEY'
            site_key: 'YOUR_SITE_KEY'
```

3. Add the reCAPTCHA field to your form
4. Enable the reCAPTCHA [javascript module](./91_Javascript.md#recaptcha-v3-extension)
4. Done

Commit message:

add role attribute to honeypot field 3.x

docs/03_SpamProtection.md, after:

# Spam Protection

## HoneyPot
The Honeypot Field is enabled by default. You can disable it via [configuration flags](100_ConfigurationFlags.md).

```yaml
form_builder:
    spam_protection:
        honeypot:
            field_name: 'inputUserName'     # this is the default value
            enable_inline_style: true       # ths is the default value
            enable_role_attribute: true     # this is the default value and will add the role="presentation" attribute
```

***

## reCAPTCHA v3
reCAPTCHA v3 returns a score for each request without user friction. 
The score is based on interactions with your site and enables you to take an appropriate action for your site. 
Register reCAPTCHA v3 keys [here](https://g.co/recaptcha/v3).

> **Important!** It is recommend to load the recaptcha api on every page request.
> To hide the badge on documents without forms, read our [frontend tips](./90_FrontendTips.md)

1. Get your keys at https://g.co/recaptcha/v3
2. Add site and secret key to your formbuilder settings:

```yaml
form_builder:
    spam_protection:
        recaptcha_v3:
            secret_key: 'YOUR_SECRET_KEY'
            site_key: 'YOUR_SITE_KEY'
```

3. Add the reCAPTCHA field to your form
4. Enable the reCAPTCHA [javascript module](./91_Javascript.md#recaptcha-v3-extension)
4. Done
