docs/70_Events.md, before:

# Events

It's possible to add some events to every form submission.

## Pre Set Data Event
The `FORM_PRE_SET_DATA` event is dispatched at the beginning of the Form::setData() method.
It contains the form event and also some form builder settings.

@see \FormBuilderBundle\Event\Form\PreSetDataEvent
https://symfony.com/doc/current/form/events.html#a-the-formevents-pre-set-data-event
     
**Example**  
```php
<?php

use FormBuilderBundle\FormBuilderEvents;

[
    FormBuilderEvents::FORM_PRE_SET_DATA => 'formPreSetData'
];
```

## Post Set Data Event
The `FORM_POST_SET_DATA` event is dispatched at the end of the Form::setData() method.
This event is mostly here for reading data after having pre-populated the form.
It contains the form event and also some form builder settings.

@see \FormBuilderBundle\Event\Form\PostSetDataEvent
http://symfony.com/doc/current/form/events.html#b-the-formevents-post-set-data-event
     
**Example**  
```php
<?php

use FormBuilderBundle\FormBuilderEvents;

[
    FormBuilderEvents::FORM_POST_SET_DATA => 'formPostSetData'
];
```

## Pre Submit Event
The `FORM_PRE_SUBMIT` event is dispatched at the end of the Form::setData() method. 
This event is mostly here for reading data after having pre-populated the form. 
It contains the form event and also some form builder settings.

@see \FormBuilderBundle\Event\Form\PreSubmitEvent
https://symfony.com/doc/current/form/events.html#a-the-formevents-pre-submit-event
     
**Example**  
```php
<?php

use FormBuilderBundle\FormBuilderEvents;

[
    FormBuilderEvents::FORM_PRE_SUBMIT => 'formPreSubmitEvent'
];
```

## Submit Success
The `FORM_SUBMIT_SUCCESS` event occurs when a frontend form submission was successful.

**Example**  
```php
<?php

use FormBuilderBundle\FormBuilderEvents;

[
    FormBuilderEvents::FORM_SUBMIT_SUCCESS => 'formSubmitSuccess'
];
```

## Mail Pre Submit
This Event has been marked as deprecated since version 3.3.
Use the `OUTPUT_WORKFLOW_GUARD_SUBJECT_PRE_DISPATCH` event instead.

The `FORM_MAIL_PRE_SUBMIT` event occurs before sending an email.

**Example**  
```php
<?php

use FormBuilderBundle\FormBuilderEvents;

[
    FormBuilderEvents::FORM_MAIL_PRE_SUBMIT => 'formMailPreSubmit'
];
```

## Output Workflow Guard - Subject Pre Dispatch

Read more about this event [here](./OutputWorkflow/30_Events.md).

**Example**  
```php
<?php

use FormBuilderBundle\FormBuilderEvents;

[
    FormBuilderEvents::OUTPUT_WORKFLOW_GUARD_SUBJECT_PRE_DISPATCH => 'checkSubject'
];
```

Commit message:

allow option configuration (#458)
* allow option configuration
* add upgrade notes
* allow form assembling without request and view resolver
* add messages to submission event, allow to disable flash bag
* fix action and flash message getter
* omit form name in headless build
* add is_headless_form option
* add form dialog builder
* add docs

docs/70_Events.md, after:

# Events

It's possible to add some events to every form submission.

## Form Type Options Event
The `FORM_TYPE_OPTIONS` event is dispatched after the form builder options has been defined.
It contains the field name, type and the defined options. You're able to modify the options only.

@see \FormBuilderBundle\Event\Form\FormTypeOptionsEvent
     
**Example**  
```php
<?php

use FormBuilderBundle\FormBuilderEvents;

[
    FormBuilderEvents::FORM_TYPE_OPTIONS => 'formTypeOptions'
];
```

## Pre Set Data Event
The `FORM_PRE_SET_DATA` event is dispatched at the beginning of the Form::setData() method.
It contains the form event and also some form builder settings.

@see \FormBuilderBundle\Event\Form\PreSetDataEvent
https://symfony.com/doc/current/form/events.html#a-the-formevents-pre-set-data-event
     
**Example**  
```php
<?php

use FormBuilderBundle\FormBuilderEvents;

[
    FormBuilderEvents::FORM_PRE_SET_DATA => 'formPreSetData'
];
```

## Post Set Data Event
The `FORM_POST_SET_DATA` event is dispatched at the end of the Form::setData() method.
This event is mostly here for reading data after having pre-populated the form.
It contains the form event and also some form builder settings.

@see \FormBuilderBundle\Event\Form\PostSetDataEvent
http://symfony.com/doc/current/form/events.html#b-the-formevents-post-set-data-event
     
**Example**  
```php
<?php

use FormBuilderBundle\FormBuilderEvents;

[
    FormBuilderEvents::FORM_POST_SET_DATA => 'formPostSetData'
];
```

## Pre Submit Event
The `FORM_PRE_SUBMIT` event is dispatched at the end of the Form::setData() method. 
This event is mostly here for reading data after having pre-populated the form. 
It contains the form event and also some form builder settings.

@see \FormBuilderBundle\Event\Form\PreSubmitEvent
https://symfony.com/doc/current/form/events.html#a-the-formevents-pre-submit-event
     
**Example**  
```php
<?php

use FormBuilderBundle\FormBuilderEvents;

[
    FormBuilderEvents::FORM_PRE_SUBMIT => 'formPreSubmitEvent'
];
```

## Submit Success
The `FORM_SUBMIT_SUCCESS` event occurs when a frontend form submission was successful.

**Example**  
```php
<?php

use FormBuilderBundle\FormBuilderEvents;

[
    FormBuilderEvents::FORM_SUBMIT_SUCCESS => 'formSubmitSuccess'
];
```

## Mail Pre Submit
This Event has been marked as deprecated since version 3.3.
Use the `OUTPUT_WORKFLOW_GUARD_SUBJECT_PRE_DISPATCH` event instead.

The `FORM_MAIL_PRE_SUBMIT` event occurs before sending an email.

**Example**  
```php
<?php

use FormBuilderBundle\FormBuilderEvents;

[
    FormBuilderEvents::FORM_MAIL_PRE_SUBMIT => 'formMailPreSubmit'
];
```

## Output Workflow Guard - Subject Pre Dispatch

Read more about this event [here](./OutputWorkflow/30_Events.md).

**Example**  
```php
<?php

use FormBuilderBundle\FormBuilderEvents;

[
    FormBuilderEvents::OUTPUT_WORKFLOW_GUARD_SUBJECT_PRE_DISPATCH => 'checkSubject'
];
```
