docs/81_ConditionalLogic.md, before:

# Conditional Logic
![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/700119/43034880-05fca358-8ce5-11e8-8fc4-2954fc7b942d.png)

Use the conditional logic to hide/show fields, toggle classes, change validation and more, depending on given field values.

## Preparation
- Include the [conditional logic](91_Javascript.md#Conditional-logic-plugin) plugin
- Add the `fb-cl-hide-element` class with a `display:none;` property to your project style

## Conditions

| Name | Description | Options |
|------|-------------|---------|
| Element Value | Select fields which should have a conditional logic | Types: `selected`, `greater than`, `less than`, `equal`, `is not`, `checked` |
| Output Workflow | Select output workflow to apply conditional logic | All available form output workflows |

## Actions

| Name | Description | Require Depending Fields | Options |
|------|-------------|--------------------------|---------|
| Toggle Visibility | Change the visibility of one ore more fields. | Yes | State: `Show`, `Hide` |
| Add Validation | Add one or more validations to fields. | Yes | Validation-Types: Drop-Down of given Validations |
| Remove Validation | Remove one or more validations of fields. | Yes | All Types: remove all validations of selected fields |
| Change Value | Change the value of one ore more fields. | Yes | Value: *mixed* |
| Fire JS-Event | Fire custom javascript event of one ore more fields. | Yes | Event Name: *string* (only `a-z0-9.` chars) |
| Toggle Classes | Toggle a Class of one ore more fields | Yes | Class Name: *string* |
| Toggle Availability | Toggle a availability state | Yes | State: `Enabled`, `Disabled` |
| ~Mail Behaviour~ | **Deprecated!** This method will be removed in Version 4.0. Change Mail Behavior | No | Type: `Recipient`, `Email Template` |
| Success Message | Change Success Message | No | Type: `Text`, `Snippet`, `Redirect to Document`, `Redirect to external Page` |

Commit message:

Pimcore X Compatibility (#292)
* awakening the beast
* remove deprecations
* re-enable area brick, remove legacy stuff
* remove deprecated MailEvent
* remove more deprecation, clean-up output workflow
* remove ckeditor clipboard plugin
* strict return type declaration
* migrate file upload module, extract frontend modules
* buid up conditional logic
* remove deprecated docs
* instant attachment data
* remove unused checkPath
* resolve phpstan issues
* remove mail behaviour action, introduce switchOutputWorkflow action, improve tests
* introduce html2text options
* introduce csv export with output workflow filter
* remove more deprecated mail layout stuff, fix csv export
* fix functional tests, fix form dependencies check
* fix more functional tests
* fix js tests assets, fix some case sensetive names
* fix success management type declaration, add more cdn links
* fix mail test setting
* switch default file upload handler in tests
* fix more acceptance tests
* test: fix javascript action
* pass document and editmode in snippet test action
* improve file stream directory creation
* improve file stream extension check
* move forms to database, resolves #293
* cleanup test clearpath
* do not delete form files after migration
* fix import/export test
* check meta validation of root form attributes against hidden fields, fixes #290
* finalize upgrade docs, change export label
* finalize readme

docs/81_ConditionalLogic.md, after:

# Conditional Logic
![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/700119/43034880-05fca358-8ce5-11e8-8fc4-2954fc7b942d.png)

Use the conditional logic to hide/show fields, toggle classes, change validation and more, depending on given field values.

## Preparation
- Include the [conditional logic](91_Javascript.md) extension
- Add the `fb-cl-hide-element` class with a `display:none;` property to your project style

## Conditions

| Name | Description | Options |
|------|-------------|---------|
| Element Value | Select fields which should have a conditional logic | Types: `selected`, `greater than`, `less than`, `equal`, `is not`, `checked` |
| Output Workflow | Select output workflow to apply conditional logic | All available form output workflows |

## Actions

| Name | Description | Require Depending Fields | Options |
|------|-------------|--------------------------|---------|
| Toggle Visibility | Change the visibility of one ore more fields. | Yes | State: `Show`, `Hide` |
| Add Validation | Add one or more validations to fields. | Yes | Validation-Types: Drop-Down of given Validations |
| Remove Validation | Remove one or more validations of fields. | Yes | All Types: remove all validations of selected fields |
| Change Value | Change the value of one ore more fields. | Yes | Value: *mixed* |
| Fire JS-Event | Fire custom javascript event of one ore more fields. | Yes | Event Name: *string* (only `a-z0-9.` chars) |
| Toggle Classes | Toggle a Class of one ore more fields | Yes | Class Name: *string* |
| Toggle Availability | Toggle a availability state | Yes | State: `Enabled`, `Disabled` |
| Switch Output Workflow | Switch entire Output Workflow | No | None |
| Success Message | Change Success Message (**Warning!** Use this action with caution. If there is no "Output Workflow" condition, this action will apply to all given output workflows of given form) | No | Type: `Text`, `Snippet`, `Redirect to Document`, `Redirect to external Page` |
