docs/90_FrontendTips.md, before:

# Front-End Tips

## Required Fields
Just use some CSS to automatically add 'required field' asterisk to form inputs:

```css
.required:after { 
    content:" *"; 
}
```

## Hide the Honeypot for Real
Every rendered Formbuilder-Form adds an Honeypot-Field by default to prevent form spams.
To keep the field real as possible, we can't add a `display:hidden;` inline style - it could be exposed by bots.
Sometimes, Chrome will add some data to this field, if someone is using the autofill-feature.

To prevent this, just add some css:

```css
input[name$='[inputUserName]'] {
    display: none;
}

```

You can also disable the honeypot field entirely by setting the `use_honeypot_field`
[configuration flag](100_ConfigurationFlags.md) to false.

## HTML in Checkbox / Radio Labels
Formbuilder allows you to use HTML tags in checkbox and radio labels.
Just use the translation html editor to define some html label:

![labels with html](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/700119/54492883-97453680-48ca-11e9-9abe-d43d1d89a505.png)

## HTML in Checkbox / Radio Labels
Formbuilder allows you to use HTML tags in checkbox and radio labels.
Just use the translation html editor to define some html label:

![labels with html](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/700119/54492883-97453680-48ca-11e9-9abe-d43d1d89a505.png)

## Custom datepicker in date-fields
Add standard attribute class="custom-datepicker" to the field where you want it, untick html5-checkbox (available from tags 2.7.3 and 3.0.3 upwards)

and initialize your datepicker, p.e.: 
````javascript
$('.custom-datepicker').datepicker();
````

### Multilanguage support
For date-fields, there needs to be done more, since symfony expects the date to match following pattern:

```php
    # Symfony\Component\Form\Extension\Core\Type\DateType.php:
    const HTML5_FORMAT = 'yyyy-MM-dd';
```

Here is a way to implement the use of a different language for the frontend, while sending the correct format to symfony.

In following example, these npm-packages are used: 
````json
{
    "@chenfengyuan/datepicker": "^1.0.8",
    "moment": "^2.24.0"
}
````

```javascript
    var langIso = WEBSITE_CONFIG.language === 'en' ? 'en-GB' : 'de-DE',
        displayFieldSuffix = '_display';

    // datepicker formats
    $.fn.datepicker.languages['en-GB'] = {
        format: 'yyyy-MM-dd'
    };
    $.fn.datepicker.languages['de-DE'] = {
        format: 'd.M.yyyy'
    };

    $('form.formbuilder input.custom-datepicker').each(function () {
        // iconDiv is a wrapper element to show an icon in the input-field via css (since inputfields do not support ::after/::before);
        // iconDiv will contain a modified clone of the original element, because we need different date-formats for frontend and form-submission
        var iconDiv = document.createElement('div'),
            displayInputField = $(this).clone();

        $(iconDiv).addClass('date-icon');

        displayInputField.attr('name', null); // !! form-elements without name are not submitted
        displayInputField.attr('id', displayInputField.attr('id') + displayFieldSuffix);
        $(displayInputField).addClass('datepicker-display'); // for later selector
        
        $(iconDiv).append(displayInputField);

        this.style.display = 'none';
        $(this).parent('.form-group').append(iconDiv);
    });

    $('form.formbuilder input.custom-datepicker.datepicker-display').removeAttr('data-template').removeData('template').each(function () {
        var origId = this.id,
            displayFieldId = origId.substring(0, origId.length - displayFieldSuffix.length);

        $(this).datepicker({
            language: langIso,
            autoHide: true,
        }).on('change', function () {
            $('#' + displayFieldId).val(moment($('#' + origId).val(), $.fn.datepicker.languages[langIso].format.toUpperCase(), true).format('YYYY-MM-DD'));
        });
    });
```

Commit message:

[SPAM PROTECTION] ReCAPTCHA & Honeypot Config (#213)
* implement reCAPTCHA v3, resolves #165
* Implement honeypot config, resolves #212
* improve recaptcha: allow globally addition

docs/90_FrontendTips.md, after:

# Front-End Tips

## Required Fields
Just use some CSS to automatically add 'required field' asterisk to form inputs:

```css
.required:after { 
    content:" *"; 
}
```

## Hide the Honeypot for Real
Every rendered Form-Builder-Form adds a Honeypot-Field by default to prevent form spams (Read more about it [here](./03_SpamProtection.md).
To keep the field real as possible, we can't add a `display:hidden;` inline style - it could be exposed by bots.
Sometimes, Chrome will add some data to this field, if someone is using the autofill-feature.

To prevent this, just add some css:

```css
input[name$='[inputUserName]'] {
    display: none;
}

```

You can also disable the honeypot field entirely by setting the `use_honeypot_field`
[configuration flag](100_ConfigurationFlags.md) to false.

## Hide reCAPTCHA Badge on documents without pages
If you're using the reCAPTCHA globally, the script will add an badge at right corner on every page.
Since this is not quite pretty you may want to hide it on every page **except** on documents with a form:

```css
html:not(.form-builder-rec3-available) .grecaptcha-badge {
    visibility: hidden;
}
```

With this, the badge is only visible if a form builder form shows up. 
Read more about the reCAPTCHA Field [here](./03_SpamProtection.md).

## HTML in Checkbox / Radio Labels
Formbuilder allows you to use HTML tags in checkbox and radio labels.
Just use the translation html editor to define some html label:

![labels with html](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/700119/54492883-97453680-48ca-11e9-9abe-d43d1d89a505.png)

## HTML in Checkbox / Radio Labels
Formbuilder allows you to use HTML tags in checkbox and radio labels.
Just use the translation html editor to define some html label:

![labels with html](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/700119/54492883-97453680-48ca-11e9-9abe-d43d1d89a505.png)

## Custom datepicker in date-fields
Add standard attribute class="custom-datepicker" to the field where you want it, untick html5-checkbox (available from tags 2.7.3 and 3.0.3 upwards)

and initialize your datepicker, p.e.: 
````javascript
$('.custom-datepicker').datepicker();
````

### Multilanguage support
For date-fields, there needs to be done more, since symfony expects the date to match following pattern:

```php
    # Symfony\Component\Form\Extension\Core\Type\DateType.php:
    const HTML5_FORMAT = 'yyyy-MM-dd';
```

Here is a way to implement the use of a different language for the frontend, while sending the correct format to symfony.

In following example, these npm-packages are used: 
````json
{
    "@chenfengyuan/datepicker": "^1.0.8",
    "moment": "^2.24.0"
}
````

```javascript
    var langIso = WEBSITE_CONFIG.language === 'en' ? 'en-GB' : 'de-DE',
        displayFieldSuffix = '_display';

    // datepicker formats
    $.fn.datepicker.languages['en-GB'] = {
        format: 'yyyy-MM-dd'
    };
    $.fn.datepicker.languages['de-DE'] = {
        format: 'd.M.yyyy'
    };

    $('form.formbuilder input.custom-datepicker').each(function () {
        // iconDiv is a wrapper element to show an icon in the input-field via css (since inputfields do not support ::after/::before);
        // iconDiv will contain a modified clone of the original element, because we need different date-formats for frontend and form-submission
        var iconDiv = document.createElement('div'),
            displayInputField = $(this).clone();

        $(iconDiv).addClass('date-icon');

        displayInputField.attr('name', null); // !! form-elements without name are not submitted
        displayInputField.attr('id', displayInputField.attr('id') + displayFieldSuffix);
        $(displayInputField).addClass('datepicker-display'); // for later selector
        
        $(iconDiv).append(displayInputField);

        this.style.display = 'none';
        $(this).parent('.form-group').append(iconDiv);
    });

    $('form.formbuilder input.custom-datepicker.datepicker-display').removeAttr('data-template').removeData('template').each(function () {
        var origId = this.id,
            displayFieldId = origId.substring(0, origId.length - displayFieldSuffix.length);

        $(this).datepicker({
            language: langIso,
            autoHide: true,
        }).on('change', function () {
            $('#' + displayFieldId).val(moment($('#' + origId).val(), $.fn.datepicker.languages[langIso].format.toUpperCase(), true).format('YYYY-MM-DD'));
        });
    });
```
